hey folks I've been doing a little
routine maintenance on my car today and
I got the old change and fixing the
fired up for the first time and see how
things work out and afterwards I'm going
to do a little cleaning up on the inside
let me give you an idea of what I've had
to go through first off there it is a
little full VW engine and that down
there is the oil filter
you see it through there I made quite a
mess under here I've got to clean all
this up
but there's the bad ol lookout dirty
that is but but I've put four corpse in
it I'm not for sure how many it's going
to take so I got a fire it up and let it
run for a little bit just a couple
seconds then we'll check it and see how
it does
kind of see it needs to be cleaned up
vacuumed out and see what happens
but it all get
that would be long enough for it to get
circulated and filled the filter and all
that good rots put music back
Oh
showing that on the stick yet
go back with funnel
yeah
actively cleans and protects
yeah it didn't have some beautiful law
that's all for this judge and it's Five
Forks you know
see if I can do
give it a second to drain down we'll
check it again
looking like that sit
that's it looking good looking fantastic
alright folks I will clean this up wipe
this down back at all and do all the
other crap I got to do here y'all take
care be good be careful and I will see
you later bye bye